# Reactive Stock Trading App

This app performs stock trades and is built using Spring's Reactor project. It is loosely based on Spring's reactive stock trading app sample project.
Also uses Lombok to reduce boilerplate.

## Project Structure 

The app is made up of 3 microservices and a common libraries module. The folder structure is:

- common: Model classes shared by the microservices.

- orderservice: Microservice exposing a REST API to perform CRUD operations on orders 
                      consisting (primarily) of a ticker, a minPrice and a maxPrice.

- quoteservice: Microservice exposing a REST API to perform a GET/DELETE on quotes
                       consisting (primarily) of a ticker and a price.

- tradeservice: Periodically fetch OPEN orders, and search for a quote whose price is in the 
                           order's price range. Fill the order if one is found, otherwise move it to the end 
                           of the Orders to be processed. EXPIRE orders that are past their expiry date.


Quotes and Orders can be optionally auto-generated by setting the **quoteservice.generator.persist** and the **orderservice.generator.persist**
flags to true in the **application.properties** file

## Persistent Store
A locally running MongoDB container exposed on port 27017.


## Building the project

### Pre-requisites
 - Maven and Docker must be installed.
 - The "mongo:latest" docker image must exist locally
 - A local docker volume called "mongodbdata" must exist

###  Steps

- Start mongo by running the **start_mongo.sh** script

- Execute the **run.sh** in each of the following directories, in the order:
	-  common
	- orderservice
	- quoteservice
	- tradeservice
